[ENH]: int / float-tuple like kwarg legend(loc) for rcParams['legend.loc'] (#25839)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/rcParams[legend.loc]_supports_float_tuple.rst

> rcParams['legend.loc'] now accepts float-tuple inputs
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``rcParams['legend.loc']`` now accepts float-tuple inputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> The ``legend.loc`` parameter in *rcParams* now accepts float-tuple inputs, same as kwarg ``Legend(loc=...)``.
> This allows users to set the location of the legend in a more flexible and consistent way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :rc:`legend.loc` rcParams now accepts float-tuple inputs, same as the *loc* keyword argument to `.Legend`.
This allows users to set the location of the legend in a more flexible and consistent way.
```
